Now, I would like to introduce the Kyo-San Do-Ei from the Hirata-Hakuchaku.
Today, I would like to talk about the Kyo-San Do-Ei from the Hirata-Hakuchaku.
I have a request from the Kyo-San Do-Ei, which is the same as the Kyo-San Do-Ei from the Hirata-Hakuchaku.
When I first came to the Kyo-San Do-Ei, I was on a boat to the Japanese-Korea-Taisi,
and I was on the way to the British-Korea-Taisi, where I was taught the Japanese-Korea-Taisi.
I was a little distant from the British-Korea-Taisi, but I was able to understand the Japanese-Korea-Taisi.
I was able to understand the Japanese-Korea-Taisi.
I remember that I was a little distant from the British-Korea-Taisi.
Of course, I was a little distant from the British-Korea-Taisi, but I was able to understand the Japanese-Korea-Taisi.
I have been a
good friend of the Kyo-San Do-Ei since I was born.
I have been a good friend of the Kyo-San Do-Ei since I was born.